docs: introduce TiUP in contributing guide (#182)
pingcap-incubator/tidb-dashboard: CONTRIBUTING.md

npm config set registry https://registry.npm.taobao.org
```

### Starting a TiDB cluster

To run TiDB Dashboard, you'd like to run a local TiDB cluster (at least 1 TiDB, 1 TiKV and 1 PD), here we introduce how to start a local TiDB cluster by [TiUP](https://tiup.io).

TiUP is the offical component manager for [TiDB](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb), which help you download binary files and run them.

Downlaod and install TiUP
```bash
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://tiup-mirrors.pingcap.com/install.sh | sh 
```

Start a local cluster
```bash

> tiup run playground 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tiup run playground nightly
```

```

Now you successfully start a cluster, continue reading how to [build and run TiDB Dashboard](#building-and-running).

> > Note: you might notice that there is a TiDB Dashboard Integrated in PD (Default address: http://127.0.0.1:2379/dashboard), but we still need to deploy TiDB Dashboard standalonely for debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: you might notice that there is a TiDB Dashboard Integrated in PD (Default address: http://127.0.0.1:2379/dashboard), but we still need to start a standlone TiDB Dashboard for developing.
```
